Isolate work directory for 'stack test' (#995)
swarm-game/swarm: CONTRIBUTING.md

but you might want to [add a GHC flag](https://haskell-language-server.readthedocs.io/en/latest/features.html)
to build docs into `cabal.project.local`.

> **TIP:** To run tests, please use the [`scripts/run-tests.sh` script](scripts/run-tests.sh) to avoid problems with incremental compilation in alternation with `stack build`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**TIP:** To run tests, you can use the [`scripts/run-tests.sh` script](scripts/run-tests.sh) to avoid problems with incremental compilation in alternation with `stack build`.
```

I suggest this slight rewording.  "Please use" makes it sound like something will go wrong if you don't, but of course everyone can use whatever development workflow they like.
